Good morning, family. Thank you for joining me today. I told everyone that the Lord showed me in 2020 there was going to be a chicken shortage, and that it would extend into turkeys and cattle.
It would start messing with the cattle; this was a planned event that things would take place and cause shortages of certain poultry items.
I even saw at Thanksgiving time that there would eventually be shortages of turkeys.
I don't know when, so you're going to ask, 'Was it this year?'I don't know.
All I know is I saw shortages of turkeys and that there would not be enough turkeys for everyone to have one at Thanksgiving time one year, and it would start with the chickens.
We see them talking about the bird flu and all the things about the bird flu, and they eliminated all these chickens.
Now they're saying there's an egg shortage and they're trying to corner the market with the eggs. I was telling you all that I saw that back in 2020.
I gave words to the church people; I wasn't on YouTube yet, but I was giving them to my friends on Facebook and warning people about having chickens.
I was shown that in 2020, so I rushed out and bought 21 chickens. I raised them, and man, they're nasty.
When nothing happened that year, I told my wife, 'I believe I've missed the timing of this.'I know what the Lord showed me concerning the chickens, but there's a depth perception when you're seeing over in the spirit.
A lot of times when you're seeing over, it looks like it's right in front of your face like it's going to happen right now, and it's a couple of years out.
Well, it was 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, and here we are in 2025.
Of course, everyone knows that; I don't need to say it, but here we are in 2025 and we're seeing it in the news.
At the beginning here in February, they're talking about all this stuff.
I personally believe, from what I was shown in the vision, that this would be—unless we've prayed it and made it decrease—because we've had time to pray over this.
But we're still seeing the fruit of it, and the Lord showed me that it would increase and be a pretty significant event.
That's why I bought so many chickens. What was the other thing that the Lord showed me at that time frame?
He showed me that there would be strikes on Iran, and the Lord showed me the price of the barrel of oil eventually would skyrocket, going very high.
I saw gas lines like it was in the 1970s, and there were people lining up everywhere.
It would create a major economic uplift in oil, and we as Americans would 'drill, baby, drill.'We would see a major explosion in oil growth in Israel and other parts, and I saw a season of oil going very high.
When this took place, I saw Saudi Arabia and other countries getting involved in it; it was about trying to manipulate the Petro dollar.
The Lord told me that they were going to try to create a green agenda—things were more dark than that, like tentacles on an octopus.
It all had different meanings of why people were doing what they were going to do out of greed. That's why I thought I needed a Tesla.
I went out and tried to find one, and at that time Tesla was shooting up and it was hard to find them.
Then the bottom seemed to fall out, and the Tesla Model Y fell in value.
I think it's interesting when you're seeing in the spirit and you're putting your own intellect into what you're seeing.
You try to put a time frame on it, and that's why it becomes dangerous because we see in part, folks, just like the Bible says.
Now we're seeing what I believe we're about to see: what the Lord showed me five years ago in the news about chickens, about the earthquakes in Italy, about Trump saying they want to protect Israel.
Let's see what happens with that. I've seen at the beginning of this year major strikes coming against Iran soon, and that it would be a crippling of Iran's economy like we've never seen before.
They would be set back greatly with their nuclear program. I was shown the missile that I saw in the spirit back in December or January.
People were so upset that I showed that missile, asking why I showed that.
I was just trying to be real with folks, but I don't want to put the United States in jeopardy.
Today's topic: I was shown in 2020 another major event that is in the news now, but the Lord said they will not see this asteroid coming.
The major word I've been getting right now is about earthquakes, a great shaking to awaken. I've been seeing a ramping up of that in my spirit.
If we go back to what I saw about the asteroid, I saw a major asteroid flying over the United States of America.
It was so loud it shook the houses like a violent earthquake but from the sky.
It shook all the roofs of the houses and broke the glass out of the homes.
It was so loud it was almost deafening; it sounded like a massive amount of noise in the sky.
It was moving so fast, like the speed of sound times 100. As it came through, it just broke everything.
I was standing outside and saw it move overhead, looking like a massive flaming ball of smoke and fire. It left a ginormous tail.
The Lord showed it moving over America, and they were trying to shoot it down with lasers because there was not a rocket or missile fast enough to catch it.
They hit it with a laser and struck it in half. Part of it disintegrated in the air, becoming little pieces.
This laser came from what looked like the New Orleans or Alabama area.
This was a military kind of laser, set up either in a station there or off a battleship.
I saw this laser hit this massive rock, split it in half, and it disintegrated in fragments. It was still significant, though.
When one part of that rock struck down, it struck in the Atlantic Ocean by San Juan, Puerto Rico.
It was so massive that it caused a tsunami wave that covered all of the islands; they were completely wiped out. It covered the tallest skyscraper in Miami.
The water came inland so fast and so violently that there was not enough time for people when they heard it go overhead.
The wave came in within probably 30 minutes to an hour; it wasn't enough time to evacuate everybody away from the waterline.
I saw hotels in Miami and Fort Lauderdale completely destroyed by the tsunami wave that went all the way up to Cape Hatteras.
It came inland several miles. Not only did it affect America, it affected Europe, but they had longer to prepare.
It was devastation to their property, but they knew what was coming because it hit America so quick.
They had more time in Africa and the European coastline to get away from the water's edge.
I saw major landmarks in England and all over Africa with massive inland water.
It wasn't as bad as the American area because the strike was so close, but islands like St. Martin and St. Thomas were completely covered with water.
Now we see this asteroid in the news, about 2032 or 2038, and it looks like it has a real good chance of hitting the planet.
But what the Lord showed me was something they did not see. NASA is saying maybe they could bump it with technology and steer it off course.
What I have seen is that it is not stopped; it hits. Is that Wormwood? I thought, 'Lord, did you show me Wormwood?
Is this in Revelation?'People are saying that Tom Horn had a book warning about Apophis hitting in 2029.
I don't know the date; all I know is that in the vision, it felt like it wasn't winter, fall, or summer, so it has to be spring.
Tom Horn said that it was in April, so it goes with what I felt in the spirit.
Is that the 2029 Apophis? I believe when the Lord speaks to me, like he did with New Orleans.
Everybody asked if I saw anything about the Super Bowl; I didn't see anything about that.
I told you what I saw: to pray over New Orleans, Las Vegas, and Nashville.
I've seen the dump trucks; I have no idea where they went, but I'm still praying over them. I believe what the Lord told me about a Red Dawn experience.
I try to be very careful with what I say because there are rats within—things you do not realize, how dark it truly is from the past administration that was allowing people to cross the borders.
Dark people have infiltrated like you would not believe. We pray a hedge of protection around this country like never before, that God would spare us and we would not have a major event like 9/11.
I have seen prayers over Trump Towers, golf courses, etc. That did not go away; it was delayed through the power of prayer.
But those things still exist. Now we see Trump negotiating with Putin and Zelensky, and I've seen dark things about Europe.
I saw an escalation of war; when they call 'peace and safety,'then sudden destruction in Israel.
I saw 50-gallon drums of some kind of chemical in Syria that came out of mountains in Iran.
They were going to spray that somehow, doing very sinister things.
I told you that Syria would be struck severely in the days ahead and Turkey will look at it as their brother being wounded because of retaliation.
As you see Syria fall in a greater way with Damascus, you will see Turkey rise up as a great defender of the Muslim Brotherhood.
They will come to the aid of Syria; Turkey will watch and beat their massive war drums.
I saw them strategically lining up against Israel with control over the Black Sea.
We have peace and safety for a season because Donald Trump is cracking his whip over the Middle East.
But when you crack a whip toward a bear, it only stuns it for a season.
When you are a ringmaster taming animals, cracking the whip stops them for a second, but the animal is still an animal.
Same thing with the dragon and the Panama Canal. We watch Europe; we watch Emmanuel Macron. I saw the Antichrist spirit.
This spirit was behind Hitler, but just because Hitler is dead doesn't mean that spirit went away. I saw that spirit messing with key leaders in Europe.
I believe it was Emmanuel Macron, and the Lord called this man an Ishmael to the Isaac of what you will see in the future—a dictator that will try to rise up.
I saw a grooming of another man; the Mahdi is being groomed behind a thick red and gold curtain.
Demonic powers were grooming this man who will soon rise up and take the helm of the world as the Antichrist.
I saw a plan of peace coming forth from this Gaza chess match to build the Third Temple, and Trump will negotiate this with the Mahdi.
I believe MBS is the Antichrist; that is my opinion. They will come out with this flag one day and raise it upon every capital, and he will reign over the earth.
Jesus Christ is coming, but the Lord said he's giving us a reprieve, a four-year window right now to bring in the lost.
I saw a wealth transfer that has to happen before the revival because it will be the jet fuel for the rocket ship that will fund the end-time ministries.
I saw a body that rises up, listening like the ticking of a watch, knowing when to invest.
Regarding the week of the Super Bowl, you would see a striking on Iran soon.
When this takes place, there will be great retaliation because we have an enemy within.
Dark people in this country will be uncovered and exposed. We are covered with the blood of Jesus; we are not to fear.
I saw cyberattacks; watch the airplanes. I saw a plague coming.
I saw the black horse riding with scales in his hands all over Africa.
I could see the black horse and the pale horse riding almost simultaneously because plague and famine go hand in hand.
The Lord showed me the rider with a black streak behind him, bringing forth famine.
I saw weather manipulation through atmospheric modification.
I saw straight-line winds that exceeded anything we've seen from cloud seeding.
Strengthening hurricanes, tornadoes, and storms where it would rain in one area and a 100-mile radius would be complete drought.
I'm talking about drought worse than the Dust Bowl—no crops, no water.
I heard it three times: 'There's no water.'There was no diesel; something was wrong with the tractors.
The fields were barren in the Lubbock area, Oklahoma, and all around Texas.
We must pray and take authority over our weather. They use it as a weapon of war.
I saw strategic things of manipulating economies and atmospheres.
Sometimes they lose control and I saw straight-line winds that decimate buildings.
I saw cracks in the ocean floor with lava and hot gases creeping up.
It killed hundreds of thousands of fish. I saw a tilt in the earth's crust and magnetic poles.
Men's hearts will fail them for fear. There's major volcanic stuff going on in the water.
They'll say it's global warming; no, it's signs of the times. We're going to see these asteroids.
Our universe is vast and things are going to sneak by our radars.
When this takes place, they're not going to see something coming, and it's going to be a massive rock that shakes the world.
There's going to be an awakening. These events are about a worldwide waking up of every tribe and tongue.
The Lord said, 'Don't fear it.'You shouldn't be the one shaken to awaken because you're already awake.
You have that inward knowing by the Holy Spirit. There's a little window for a harvest of finances before the shaking comes.
He's giving us a window to get the money and stuff we need because we're the Ecclesia, his bride.
This isn't just about America; it's about a worldwide revival.
The Lord says, 'I'm giving one last call to wake up the people so they will have an urgency inside their spirit.'Then you'll see the great deceptions with the fallen angelic Nephilim type stuff that will come on the TV, being interviewed as some kind of demonic alien encounter.
This is how they're going to explain away the Rapture of the church.
The aliens are demons—the Nephilim fallen stuff. I refuse to be deceived because I know Jesus is coming.
Keep watching the technology that is coming with AI. ChatGPT is just the beginning.
We just entered a new era. We're entering a new phase of digital assets bigger than the dot-com era.
A transfer of wealth is about to take place, led by the United States, followed by Japan, Australia, and South Korea. This is how they will usher in the Mark of the Beast.
Jesus is coming, and we're about to have a whole different thing: the glory of the church, the Great Harvest, and then we go to heaven.
We reign with him for a thousand years. Let's take communion real quick. I remember every single one of the visions he shows me.
I'm always about bringing the harvest in—pray for the lost, for healing, for deliverance.
Father, we take this body right now in the name of Jesus. We thank you that you were wounded for our transgressions and bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes, we're healed.
Lord, we lift up the blood. Thank you for the blood of Jesus. I apply the blood over me, my wife, and my children.
If you've never given your heart to Jesus Christ, today's your day.
If you're a believer, we say we're looking up because our redemption is drawing nigh.
If you're not a born-again Christian, you're in trouble. Say this prayer: 'Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died and rose again. I want to make you my Lord and personal savior. Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Forgive me of all my sins.'If you said that prayer, I believe you're born again.
If the devil tries to remind you of your past, you remind him of his future.
Get plugged into a Bible-believing church and get baptized in water.
If you're a new believer and can't afford a Bible, email us. Father, we thank you for everyone believing for healing.
We believe every person is healed from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
We believe you will supply all our needs according to your riches in glory.
We pray over our homes and families that all come to repentance. We call forth a harvest of souls.
We thank you for President Trump; we pray for protection over him.
We thank you for Israel. If they strike Iran, I pray no innocent civilians will be hurt.
Protect the people from biological weapons. Thank you for our friendship, Lord.
Amen. We appreciate you subscribing. Click the notification bell and the like button.
Remember, we will never ask you for a dime. If someone is asking for money on WhatsApp or Telegram, they are scammers.
Do not fall victim to people asking you to invest in cryptos or donate to an orphanage.
All our links are in the description. Be watchful over scammers, especially on Facebook.
God bless you all. Jesus loves you. We will see you again soon. Bye-bye.